Joan Kandel: Hello.
Joan Kandel: Oh, hi. All right. You can hear me.
Joan Kandel: Yes. Good. I'm sorry to make you wait I did you wait here for a little while.
Joan Kandel: It's okay. Okay, thanks. I'm Dr candle.
Joan Kandel: Nice to meet you.
Gabriella Bernal: Nice to meet you all. So,
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And do you go by Gabriela or do you have a name that people call you.
Joan Kandel: Gabby. Gabby. I wondered if it was Gabby, but I didn't want to presume
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Everybody calls you Gabby.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: I like the name Gabby. I also liked the name Gabriella, it's such a beautiful name.
Gabriella Bernal: Thank you.
Know, hmm.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: Welcome. I'm glad you made it today.
Joan Kandel: How are you
Gabriella Bernal: I'm good.
Joan Kandel: That's good.
Joan Kandel: I'm good. Yeah, I'm good. Do you have headphones.
Joan Kandel: I don't, you don't. Okay, did they tell you that you'll need to get have some
Gabriella Bernal: No, they didn't.
Joan Kandel: They didn't. Okay, so, um,
Joan Kandel: The way we
Joan Kandel: The way we do this program is through zoom and we have a group meetings every week.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: And it's really important to wear the headphones that have a microphone so that just for confidentiality and privacy so that
Joan Kandel: So that other people aren't hearing what's happening in the group because everyone you know is talking about their story and about themselves and their feelings and stuff. And so we don't want anybody. So we need to have people alone and with headphones in.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so, so before your group.
Joan Kandel: Your homework is to get headphones that have a microphone on it.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay, cool.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. And when you and when you get that you can call the virtual clinic and do like a test to make sure that everything's working okay
Joan Kandel: Okay. Yeah. Okay, so, um,
Joan Kandel: Tell me about you and what's going on and why you're here.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay. Um, well, I'm here, I'm I've done several program and I'm
Gabriella Bernal: Done the Methadone program and that works for me for a while.
Joan Kandel: Okay, when was that
Gabriella Bernal: I'm back in 2017
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And how long were you on methadone.
Gabriella Bernal: Like three years.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and you did well during that time. Okay.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah yeah
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, I did. And I've had, I've done Suboxone before and that worked out for me too.
Gabriella Bernal: Great. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And did you do Suboxone in a in a program or just getting it.
Joan Kandel: off the street.
In a program
Gabriella Bernal: la familia.
Joan Kandel: Oh yeah, great.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, in Santa Fe.
Gabriella Bernal: Yes.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good. I'm up in don't say
Gabriella Bernal: Oh, OK.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so I'm not too far.
Gabriella Bernal: Nice.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. So, how long were you at the program with la familia.
Gabriella Bernal: Um, I think there was just a year.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And when you were on the methadone and the Suboxone were you using also or did it. Did it help you to stop using
Gabriella Bernal: In the beginning, I was. But then I stopped. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Yeah. Okay, good. Go on. I keep interrupting you.
Gabriella Bernal: Know you're fine.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay, I don't know. I thought it worked for me before and I needed to get back on it again.
Joan Kandel: Great.
Gabriella Bernal: I don't want to be, you know,
Joan Kandel: Yes. And so So currently, you're, you're using heroin.
Joan Kandel: Mm hmm. And
Joan Kandel: How long have has that been going on this time since your last time that you were not using
Gabriella Bernal: I'm probably like eight months.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And why did you get off of the Suboxone
Gabriella Bernal: Um, I think I'd gone to jail or something.
Joan Kandel: I see. Okay, so it wasn't a choice, actually.
Joan Kandel: Right, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and so you went to jail. How long were you in jail.
Gabriella Bernal: I'm pry like
Gabriella Bernal: Four months.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And when you were in jail for four months you had been on Suboxone and then you went to jail. And then you they didn't give you any Suboxone right or anything.
Gabriella Bernal: Right, right.
Joan Kandel: So, so did you just go into withdrawal and then not use are you using in there.
Gabriella Bernal: Um, I went into do withdraw and I've used occasionally, and then
Joan Kandel: But not regularly.
Joan Kandel: No. Okay. Because, because you couldn't get it.
Gabriella Bernal: Right.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. And then you got out.
Joan Kandel: Was that about eight months ago.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and that's when you started using again.
Joan Kandel: Yes, got it. Okay, I'm getting the picture. So, um,
Joan Kandel: Do you use just heroin or do you use other things.
Gabriella Bernal: No, just heroin.
Joan Kandel: Just heroin and do you shoot it.
Joan Kandel: Yeah okay and
Joan Kandel: How much are you using these days.
Gabriella Bernal: I'm
Gabriella Bernal: Like a quarter ounce.
Joan Kandel: Okay, I'm good.
Gabriella Bernal: Like a lot
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah, that seems like a lot.
Joan Kandel: How many grams is that
Seven.
Joan Kandel: seven grams a day.
Joan Kandel: Yes, that is a lot
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah, that's a lot.
Joan Kandel: Usually people tell me in terms of grams not ounces. So that tells me, that's a lot. Yeah, yeah.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: How many times a day do you shoot up
Um,
Gabriella Bernal: I don't know, between
Gabriella Bernal: Maybe like I guess maybe like
Gabriella Bernal: 12 to 15
Joan Kandel: Uh huh, uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And do you have veins left that you hit
Gabriella Bernal: I'm not like a little bit. It's
Joan Kandel: A little bit, yeah. They're hard to find. Now,
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Gabriella Bernal: I've been doing for like 15 years old.
Joan Kandel: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Where do you usually shoot up what part of your body.
Gabriella Bernal: I'm all over it just depends.
Joan Kandel: Anywhere you can get
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Uh huh. But you usually try to get a vein.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: You don't skin popper.
Joan Kandel: No are intentionally not try
Joan Kandel: No. Have you, have you had abscesses.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, before
Joan Kandel: Before not recently.
Joan Kandel: No. Okay.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right, and
Joan Kandel: Why, why this, why now.
Gabriella Bernal: Hmm, well I have kids and stuff. And I just, I just don't want to do it anymore. I
Gabriella Bernal: Don't want to do other things like better stuff.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah.
Gabriella Bernal: Except, like on my mistakes.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Time in money.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Where do you get the money to buy it.
Gabriella Bernal: Um,
Gabriella Bernal: I mean, I guess like
Joan Kandel: Say you say you're dealing to
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so how how will that be for you once you once you stop using heroin. What's your, what are your, what are your thoughts about that, once you're on the Suboxone program.
Gabriella Bernal: Train and get a job.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Well, what about the dealing part. Because I imagine people are going to be coming around.
Gabriella Bernal: Um,
Gabriella Bernal: Well, the reason I do is so that I have, like, you know, because that's like a lot of money.
Joan Kandel: Right.
Gabriella Bernal: So like I would stop, you know,
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. And so you're just going to tell people I don't have any more. I'm not. Uh huh. Do you think that that's going to be problematic for you.
Gabriella Bernal: Know,
Joan Kandel: No, people are going to be fine with that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah okay i just i just worried about your safety. I don't want anybody getting pissed off at you and
Gabriella Bernal: Oh no, it's okay, there's other people to
Joan Kandel: You okay yeah yeah okay
Joan Kandel: Okay, so I don't need to worry about that.
Joan Kandel: No. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Did you try to get to go to la familia, or get on a Suboxone program locally or did you just try here first.
Gabriella Bernal: Um, well, I called around, but because of everything that's going on. They're not doing anything.
Joan Kandel: Got it. Yeah. Good. Well, yeah, this is, this is really perfect this bright heart health, because you're just at home, and it's just so it's perfect for this.
Gabriella Bernal: Right. I'd heard about it before through one of my friends like a while back.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Good.
Joan Kandel: Well, I'm glad you found us.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, me too.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that's good. So, when was the last time you used
Gabriella Bernal: Um, yesterday. Oh.
Joan Kandel: Not, not today.
Gabriella Bernal: No, not yet.
Joan Kandel: Not yet, what time yesterday.
Gabriella Bernal: Oh well, like, well, I guess maybe yesterday, today, like, like, three o'clock in the morning.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Okay 3am. And usually if you weren't doing this program.
Joan Kandel: You would have already used by now. Right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah. Like if you use it 3am when would you use again, when would you need to use again.
Gabriella Bernal: When I wake up, so like seven
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah. Okay, so are you feeling. Are you feeling withdrawals. Yeah.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: How bad is it right now.
Gabriella Bernal: I'm pretty bad, like my eyes. I can do.
Joan Kandel: It's like water.
Gabriella Bernal: Do
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: What else
Gabriella Bernal: I'm like all sweaty.
Okay.
Gabriella Bernal: Like nauseous like
Joan Kandel: Got it vomiting.
Gabriella Bernal: Not yet.
Gabriella Bernal: No, not yet.
Joan Kandel: Okay, those things come a little bit later.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, okay, good. So when you were on Suboxone before what was a good dose for you that you felt stable at
Gabriella Bernal: You give me three of the eight milligram
Uh huh.
Gabriella Bernal: And
Joan Kandel: And and you've you've felt like you are stable on that dose.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, back then. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Back then, right, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Did you ever try to to be on just to have the eight milligrams 16 milligrams
Gabriella Bernal: They tried it at first, but it wasn't enough.
Joan Kandel: It wasn't enough. Uh huh.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay, um,
Joan Kandel: Alright, yeah, usually a lot of people are stable at at two of them a day at 16 milligrams, but some people aren't most people at 24 milligrams. Most people are stable. We don't usually need to go more than 24 milligrams, which is the three a day so
Joan Kandel: Given the fact that you're using as much as you're using. I think I'd like to start you at three a day and then see if we can kind of just get you stable and then maybe kind of go down a little bit, you know, by like a quarter strip, you know, in the weeks to come.
Joan Kandel: Okay, how you do with that.
Joan Kandel: Because 24 milligrams is sort of a high dose, but it sounds to me like you're probably going to need to be on a bit of a high dose. Just, just because you've been using so so much recently.
Joan Kandel: Because that sound to you.
Joan Kandel: Sounds good. Yeah, okay, good. So, um, so that's what we're going to do and and i'll i'll prescribe it today so that you can go like after we get off the phone.
Joan Kandel: I'll probably prescribe it by like the end of the morning so that you can go over and
Joan Kandel: And be able to pick that up at the pharmacy.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you're welcome. And what I would suggest that you do is when you first start is take one strip and cut it in half and just take the half of a strip and make sure that it doesn't make you feel sicker.
Joan Kandel: Okay um you know about that, about the precipitated withdrawal.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: You do.
Joan Kandel: Okay, you know about it.
Joan Kandel: Did you learn that the hard way.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, right. So we want to say, you know what I'm talking about.
Joan Kandel: We don't want you to take it too early, you need to be pretty good and sick before you get it into your system. And if you take a whole bunch of it.
Joan Kandel: It could. I mean, even if you take a little bit if you're not sick enough, it could make you feel really crappy and much worse. So by taking just half of a strip you know that
Joan Kandel: Half of a strip at first, then you can kind of see, you know, within like
Joan Kandel: 15 minutes to half an hour. You can see, okay, I'm not getting sicker. I'm actually feeling a little bit better. So I can go ahead and then when you start to fit. So if you if you feel
Joan Kandel: Worse after you take that four milligrams. What that tells us is that you didn't wait long enough and you just need to not take any more, and wait a few more hours before taking the other half.
Joan Kandel: Okay, you take that half and you feel like
Joan Kandel: Okay, this is actually helping I'm feeling a little less sick then then you can still wait and kind of when you start to feel like you're getting sick again, then you could take the other half.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay.
Joan Kandel: And then, and then I'm assuming that you'll probably will need the full 24 milligrams. So then, later in the day you could take a full strip and later in the day you could take another full strip
Joan Kandel: Okay, so you're going to be the judge of that of how it's how you're doing. But that's
Joan Kandel: How to
Joan Kandel: interpret it. If you've if you take that first half and you feel really sick. Just wait.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay.
Joan Kandel: That all makes sense to you. Right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah okay, it seems
Joan Kandel: Okay. All right.
Joan Kandel: So, but that's the safest way to kind of ease yourself onto it so that you don't get super sick.
Joan Kandel: Okay, um,
Joan Kandel: How old were you when you started using heroin 1515 and we're using other things before that.
Gabriella Bernal: No, I think I actually read before, but that was it.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And so you've been using heroin kind of off and on, since you were 15
Uh huh. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Who turned you on to it.
Gabriella Bernal: One of my friends that I have met
Joan Kandel: Her
Gabriella Bernal: They were older they already. They did it them and their mommy and boyfriend.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: And what did you think of it.
Gabriella Bernal: Um, I thought it was all right because they did it, you know.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. What did you think of how it made you feel
Gabriella Bernal: Um,
Gabriella Bernal: Alright, yeah. I guess I threw up.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, the first thing he did was throw
Joan Kandel: Yeah, and then you kind of liked it.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. And did you feel. Did you get. Did you get hooked on it pretty quickly.
Gabriella Bernal: No, it took a while.
Joan Kandel: I took a while. Uh huh. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: And how about other drugs like math or speed or
Gabriella Bernal: I've tried. I've tried a mom.
Uh huh.
Gabriella Bernal: But those just weren't making
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. So, um,
Joan Kandel: Math was never you never really got
Joan Kandel: Interested in math.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Um, and how about alcohol.
Gabriella Bernal: No I don't drink.
Joan Kandel: Never that was never an issue for you.
Joan Kandel: Huh. Okay, how about tobacco cigarettes.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, I smell.
Joan Kandel: You do, how much do you smoke.
Gabriella Bernal: Like I guess like
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Do you feel addicted to that.
Gabriella Bernal: Um, yeah, I guess. So I like to swim.
Joan Kandel: Haha, yeah. So that's it. That's a pretty tough addiction.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: I would I want to plant a seed in your brain that we should really work on stopping smoking.
Joan Kandel: Because that is a nasty, nasty addiction and it has horrible effects on your body.
Joan Kandel: And that's not cheap either
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, it is expensive.
Joan Kandel: It's expensive. So have you ever quit smoking.
Gabriella Bernal: Anyone, I have to
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. When did you have to, when you're pregnant.
Gabriella Bernal: I'm going on to jail. Yeah. When I was pregnant.
Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: Was that hard for you.
Gabriella Bernal: I'm trying to again.
Gabriella Bernal: Like
Joan Kandel: You missed it.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so, um, so, yeah, I think that would be a really good thing to to work on. What do you think
Joan Kandel: Do you think you want to quit smoking or not really
Gabriella Bernal: Um, I think I need to focus on one thing at a time.
Joan Kandel: Fine. That's fine. Yeah, that's fine. So, so, like I say, it's just planting the seed.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay.
Joan Kandel: It's springtime. So I just planted a seed.
Joan Kandel: Do you take any medications.
Joan Kandel: No. No. Okay. Are you allergic to anything.
Gabriella Bernal: Just lead to
Joan Kandel: Latex what happens with latex.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, you get
Joan Kandel: To get like
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Um, do you have any medical problems, besides addiction.
Joan Kandel: No, no. Otherwise, pretty healthy
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: How many times total. Have you been pregnant.
Gabriella Bernal: For
Joan Kandel: For and how many kids do you
Joan Kandel: Three. Three. And the other one was it abortion or miscarriage.
Gabriella Bernal: Or no, and
Gabriella Bernal: She passed away when she was four and a half months old. She stopped breathing.
Joan Kandel: Oh, I'm so sorry.
Joan Kandel: Oh my god.
Joan Kandel: Hello. How long ago was that
Gabriella Bernal: In 2013
Joan Kandel: Oh gosh, that's brutal. I'm so sorry. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Part. Oh my gosh. So how old are your three kids.
Gabriella Bernal: I have a 10 year old three year old and a one year old. Well, he's gonna be two in July.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And and who helps you with them.
Joan Kandel: mom, your mom. Oh, good. Do you live with your mom.
Gabriella Bernal: Huh.
Joan Kandel: Oh good, and how to you and your mom get along.
Good.
Joan Kandel: Nice.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, great. And
Joan Kandel: And as she. What are her thoughts about you're using and getting on the program and stuff.
Gabriella Bernal: No, she wanted me to stop. She thinks I could do better.
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: So she's, she's supportive of you being on the program.
Joan Kandel: Mm hmm. Yay.
Gabriella Bernal: Anything else
Joan Kandel: ANYTHING RIGHT. ANYTHING. Whatever it takes. Good. Well, that's great.
Joan Kandel: And is your, is your mom healthy. Yeah.
Gabriella Bernal: Well, she has COPD, but like
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. She a smoker.
Gabriella Bernal: No, not anymore.
Joan Kandel: she quit.
Gabriella Bernal: Mm hmm.
Joan Kandel: See, you know what, COPD.
Joan Kandel: Planting and
Joan Kandel: How about your dad. See you.
Know he got a good
Joan Kandel: And when did he die.
Gabriella Bernal: Everyone
Gabriella Bernal: You want murdered. Um, I think.
Gabriella Bernal: 2016
Joan Kandel: I already know that well but yeah
Joan Kandel: Got it. Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: So you weren't really in touch with him or anything, but you heard that he got murdered.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, well I got a call from FBI asking you to identify his body because I'm an only child.
Joan Kandel: But yeah, oh my gosh.
Joan Kandel: How was that for you.
Gabriella Bernal: It was interesting. I was living in Texas, and I didn't really, you know, I couldn't go down there and so they emailed me picture because he went to prison under
Gabriella Bernal: A different name so
Joan Kandel: Oh my gosh.
Joan Kandel: My goodness.
Gabriella Bernal: Is interesting
Joan Kandel: Yeah, that is very interesting. Was he murdered in prison.
Gabriella Bernal: In Las Vegas, Nevada, that's where he lived.
Joan Kandel: I see. Okay. Oh my gosh.
Joan Kandel: And how about addiction in the family. So a lot of substance use in the family.
Joan Kandel: No, nobody
Gabriella Bernal: I think maybe my dad us, but I'm not sure what or any
Joan Kandel: Okay, okay.
Gabriella Bernal: Oh, my mom doesn't do anything.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. All right. Um,
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: So Who lives, who lives there at the house you your mom and your kids.
Joan Kandel: Mm hmm. Anybody else
Joan Kandel: That's it. Now, okay, and
Joan Kandel: And how do you get support.
Joan Kandel: Mostly from dealing
Gabriella Bernal: Is that we're yeah
Joan Kandel: Your money comes from
Joan Kandel: Yeah, you're not working.
No.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Joan Kandel: All right, and does your mom work.
Gabriella Bernal: She retired.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Um, okay, besides the the withdrawal symptoms that you're having that we already talked about. Are you having any other things going on with your body. Any, any pain anywhere, any like belly pain or pain when you pee or trouble seeing things. Okay.
Joan Kandel: How about how's your sleep.
Gabriella Bernal: Um, it depends.
Gabriella Bernal: Usually I don't really sleep that much.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And do you
Joan Kandel: Have about depression or anxiety.
Gabriella Bernal: Or get bad anxiety, but on defection
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And suicidal thoughts.
Joan Kandel: No, no.
Joan Kandel: Um, how tall are you, and how much do you weigh
Gabriella Bernal: Five nine. And when Ed.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And do you happen to know what your blood pressure was the last time you had it checked.
Joan Kandel: No idea. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Okay. All right.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so, um, I'd like to do a little bit of a physical exam, which is kind of funny because we're on this video thing. But if you could, I'd like to look in your eyes. So if you could just pull the camera to your eyes and just look straight into the camera.
Joan Kandel: Great. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. And then
Joan Kandel: Move your eyes to the right.
Joan Kandel: Good and look to the left.
Joan Kandel: Good and look towards the top of your head.
Joan Kandel: Good. And now down towards your feet.
Joan Kandel: Good. Okay. And you could pull that out and let me look in your mouth.
Joan Kandel: Perfect. That's great. Okay, that's great. And now pull it back so that I could see you kind of take some deep breaths, just to kind of watch your, what's your breathing.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Just a couple of deep breaths.
Joan Kandel: Great. And now, that's perfect. And then let me have you kind of push on your belly just kind of push all areas of your belly and let me know if that hurts you at all.
Joan Kandel: It feels okay no
Joan Kandel: feels okay yeah
Joan Kandel: Good. And can you, can you show me where you generally shoot up like some of the areas, just to kind of take a look at it, how your arms are or ankles or feet or wherever it is that you usually shoot
All right.
Gabriella Bernal: Why it's generally
Gabriella Bernal: Oh wait, oh, it's this way.
Joan Kandel: There you go. Yeah, so we'll talk
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Let's see.
Gabriella Bernal: I do too.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, let's have bruises everywhere. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, got it. Okay. Do you ever use your, your neck or your growing
Joan Kandel: No, no, you just go for the arms and legs.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, I don't have any they're like they don't
Joan Kandel: Show. I see. Yeah, and that's a scary place to to just go poking around
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You definitely don't want to do that.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Don't do that. There's a lot of structures in there that you don't want to be messing with so I'm glad to hear that you're not
Joan Kandel: Thank you for showing that to me.
Joan Kandel: Okay, good.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: So, like I say, I'm going to be prescribing the meds for you after we get off of this of this call.
Joan Kandel: And I'm going to prescribe this Suboxone and will prescribe it for three strips of the day and we'll get you stable on that.
Joan Kandel: I don't think you did any more of that. But you may find and you can feel free to try this. You can try taking two and a half and see how you do. Because you may be fine on two and a half.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: You can kind of see
Joan Kandel: How you do with that. And then once you're stable on that for a while, we could talk about maybe going down a little bit if we if we can
Joan Kandel: And then the other thing I'm going to prescribe for you is a narc can do you have an arc in
The spring.
Gabriella Bernal: I don't know. I think I ran out my car got stolen. So I had in my car, but yeah.
Joan Kandel: Oh yeah, well, so you're going to have a fresh one. And so that's a really good thing to have with you. You should have it with you at all times. Just in case you run into somebody who's odd and you want to feel in the mood to save a life.
Joan Kandel: You can do that. Yeah, so I'm
Joan Kandel: Solving prescribing that to you. And if you ever were to use it or you lost it, or your car got stolen or whatever. You can go back to the same pharmacy, there'll be refills of that for you. If you need another one.
Gabriella Bernal: So, okay, well,
Joan Kandel: I'll prescribe both of those things for you. There'll be at the pharmacy whichever pharmacy, you gave us which pharmacy is that
Joan Kandel: Walking Walgreens on
Joan Kandel: Some everyone's on airport. OK. OK.
Joan Kandel: OK, so that's where I'll be prescribing that and then
Joan Kandel: In terms of how the program works. Since you haven't done this program before we do everything, like I say on the on the zoom. So you. Your homework is to get some earbuds that have a microphone.
Joan Kandel: Okay, so maybe when you go to Walgreens to pick that up. You can get that over there today.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, okay.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, so that you're ready to use that the group that that that I'm going to have you join is on Tuesday evenings at 6pm. Does that work for you.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, okay, good. So that's my one of my groups, so I'll be the doctor in that group every group has a doctor and a therapist, so I'll be the doctor in that group and then the therapist is going to be Dominique, she's wonderful
Joan Kandel: She's the only one in the group, who's not in New Mexico. She's actually in Hawaii, but she live in New Mexico. So, so we get to kind of see Hawaii in the background. When every, every Tuesday evening.
Joan Kandel: That it'd be nice. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: So she's wonderful and she will give you a call and she'll probably send you an email.
Joan Kandel: To to connect with you to have a one on one therapy session. So we have group appointments and then there's one on one therapy sessions.
Joan Kandel: And then I'm available if you ever wanted to have a one on one medical session, we could just do like this. So, so you could just
Joan Kandel: Any, any questions you have, or if you need appointments or you every time you need to check in for your
Joan Kandel: Appointment whether it's group or individual you go to the virtual clinic, which is that number that you that you called it first. So that's a good number to have in your phone saved and just put it under virtual clinic or bright heart or whatever it is.
Joan Kandel: Because that's the number you call for everything. If you have any questions, if you've, you know,
Joan Kandel: If you need to make arrangements for something. If you need to cancel an appointment reschedule an appointment. That's the number to call
Joan Kandel: Okay, when you when you call when you come when you call them for an appointment whatever appointment. It is
Joan Kandel: Call in about 30 minutes before so that you have time to get processed and checked in every week. They'll have you fill out a self assessment on how you're doing.
Joan Kandel: And how you're feeling and so that takes a little bit of time. So, so, like, on Tuesday, this coming Tuesday at 530 that's when you're going to call the virtual clinic because our group is at six.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and you'll meet all the people in the group. There's a really good bunch of people and and they're really great and I think you're going to really get a lot out of that. So that's every week to come to group.
Joan Kandel: And group is
Joan Kandel: Group is where I prescribe people's refills, so I'm giving you on prescribing now enough meds to get you through Tuesday evening so you'll have Tuesday's dose, but then you won't have Wednesday's dose until you come up. You showed a meeting and then I'll prescribe it them.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: One thing about group is we already talked about the confidentiality and not, you know, being alone and having your headphones in. The other thing about group is that there's no smoking allowed in group. So make sure that you're that you don't smoke during that hour
Gabriella Bernal: Okay.
Joan Kandel: So prepare for that.
Gabriella Bernal: All right.
Joan Kandel: However, you need to prepare
Joan Kandel: Oh, the other. The last thing to tell you about groups is
Joan Kandel: Is that we do need to go. Have you go to lab, they told you that
Joan Kandel: We need to have you get some labs drawn at some point.
Joan Kandel: I would advise you to call that lab before you go down there to see if they're if they're accepting patients for routine labs right now because a lot of labs are kind of closed.
Joan Kandel: But yeah, stay at home stuff so
Joan Kandel: So if you find that that's the case, then you can just let us know that that's what they told you and we'll put it off until whenever this blows over. But maybe the maybe the lab that you're going to doesn't have that. So, give them a call and see
Joan Kandel: Okay. Um, and so when you when you go to lab, they're going to do a urine drug screen and they're also going to do blood work to kind of check for us just to kind of see how things are, have you ever tested positive for hip seed you have Pepsi or HIV.
Gabriella Bernal: I used to have Pepsi, but I don't know my body cured itself.
Joan Kandel: Oh, I see. Well, that'll be interesting to to check that again. So that's one of the tests that we check. So we'll see what the status of that is so that'll be good.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: And
Joan Kandel: So, but in the future to do our urine drug screens, you're not going to have to go to the lab every month.
Joan Kandel: What we do is we send the send that to you in the mail, it'll be in like a bulky envelope, you know, go to your mail. And when you get that envelope. Don't open it.
Joan Kandel: Until you call the virtual clinic just call them and say, Hey, I got this in the mail. What am I supposed to do and then they'll
Joan Kandel: They'll walk you through it. They'll have you open it and on camera in front of them and then they'll say you had to do that. They're not going to watch up but they'll tell you to go to the bathroom and they come back with the p
Joan Kandel: Okay and and they'll read it on this.
Joan Kandel: On the on the camera.
Joan Kandel: With you.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: So that's how that works.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay.
Joan Kandel: Um, what questions do you have for me, Gabby.
Gabriella Bernal: Um, none right now.
Joan Kandel: Okay, that was a lot of info so
Joan Kandel: Next steps are
Joan Kandel: You're going to get your meds from pharmacy, you're not going to use anymore today. Right. Nobody Using and then you're going to get your meds and then you're going to when you feel sick enough. You're going to start with half of a strip
Joan Kandel: And see how you feel, make sure it doesn't make you sicker.
Joan Kandel: And then, and then you'll take that every day. You can take up to three strips a day. Don't take more than that because you'll run out early. But I don't think you're going to need more than that. But see how you do on two strips or two and a half strips.
Joan Kandel: And kind of see how you do. And then on Tuesday, our group is at six, but check in at 530
Joan Kandel: And then we'll be in the swing of it. And then, you know, those are the things to really remember and got and Dominique is going to get in touch with you to set up an individual therapy session, which will either be this week or next week.
Okay.
Joan Kandel: Got it.
Joan Kandel: Okay, thanks.
Joan Kandel: Alright, so, um, you're welcome. It's great to meet you and I look forward to seeing you on Tuesday. In our group, and I'm really, really happy that you're doing this because it's going to help you so much.
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, I hope so.
Joan Kandel: It will, it will. Don't you think it's gonna
Gabriella Bernal: Yeah, I hope so, should
Joan Kandel: Yes, it should, it will
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: All right. Okay, so that's it and I'll see you on Tuesday.
Gabriella Bernal: Okay, thank you.
Joan Kandel: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Bye.